---
layout: post
title: "English Vocabulary Journal"
date: 2026-06-29
categories: English
---

This post is my personal English vocabulary journal. Whenever I learn a new word, phrase, phrasal verb, or idiom, I'll add it here. My goal is to review these expressions regularly and expand my vocabulary over time.

<!--more-->

**1. knock it out of the park** (idiom) 
This idiom means to do something exceptionally well or achieve outstanding success. It is commonly used to praise someone's performance, presentation, project, or achievement.
For example,
- *You really knocked it out of the park with your presentation today.*
- *Our team knocked it out of the park and finished the project ahead of schedule.*

**2. down to the wire** (idiom) 
This idiom means that a situation continues until the very last moment, often under a tight deadline or with a very close result.
For example:

- *Since our client changed the requirements at the last minute, our team was working right down to the wire to finish the project on time.*
- *The competion goes down to the wire and every competitor can still win.*

**3. kick somthing off** (phrasal verb)
This means to begin or start something, particularly an event, meeting, project, or activity. For example, instead of saying "We finished a plan, and now we can start it", you can say "We finished the plan. Now let's kick it off."
Other examples,
- *Let's kick off the meeting with a quick introduction.*
- *The company kicked off the new project last week.*
- *The football season kicks off in August.*

